[Music]
I need a hero so many people in distress
have said this but why what kind of hero
do we need and do we really even need a
hero at all well if you look at any
piece of literature written for page
script or stage the answer is yes but
heroes come in all shapes and sizes
depending on what needs to be dealt with
first you have your epic heroes epic
heroes usually come from a famous family
have superhuman strength are unusually
good-looking they take on challenges
that no one else will and succeed they
have great journeys and adventures some
supernatural and some right here on
earth
Beowulf does all of this he travels
across the sea with his band of warriors
to help another king defeat a
supernatural monster that has been
terrorizing his kingdom he defeats the
monster and the monsters mother in an
epic battle and then goes back home and
becomes king himself in his old age he
has one more monster to face one more
threat that he must keep from his people
a dragon now being an epic hero of
course he wins he's also human and so he
also dies but he leaves behind stories
to inspire others even today
next we have our tragic heroes tragic
heroes are usually leaders or powerful
characters but the tragic hero is also
majorly flawed and that flaw usually
leads him down the path to a horrible
and tragic death take the story of
Oedipus the King for example one day the
young man travels to a town called
Thebes on the way he kills a man for not
yielding to him on the road in the first
documented case of road rage
he also defeats a magical creature and
is rewarded by becoming the king of
Thebes and thus marrying their queen
well that's not so tragic right no wrong
the Queen II just married is actually
his birth mother Oedipus was supposed to
have been killed as a child by a servant
but instead he was given to another
family oh and the man he killed on the
road the previous king of the
and his dad so he killed his father and
married his mother now that is quite
tragic not tragic enough for you try
this one
Romeo Montague is a guy born into a
wealthy family and finds the love of his
life at a party Juliet but Juliet is
from a different family that just so
happens to hate his family instead of
being patient and working through the
family feud
Romeo decides he must have his love now
and his impatience leads to bloodshed
and death including his own and Juliet's
moving on to romantic heroes now these
guys might sound like they might have a
better love life and chance at happiness
but that's not always the case these
heroes are emotional and very human but
there is something magical about them
some have a miraculous birth and then
are separated from their family others
use enchanted swords or can help from
magical beams they can also reject the
expectations of society and adhere to
their own code of morality and in the
end the hero triumphs over evil in an
idyllic way but at great personal
emotional sacrifice King Arthur is a
good example of a romantic hero sure he
became King and married the love of his
life he was also killed by his son who
was born out of wedlock and had his wife
cheat on him with his best friend so
although he too liked Beowulf was a
great king he suffered much more for the
greater purpose of society which makes
him more human and relatable to us all
there are different heroes for different
situations sometimes we need the strong
warrior to slay the evils of the world
at other times we need a common person
who becomes great so that they can
inspire us all to be better so do we
need heroes absolutely no matter what
the timer place we still need something
to believe in they remind us of the good
in each of us and the need for hope and
the importance of nah